Add mgmt cluster network network info display details (#1095)
harvester/docs: docs/networking/clusternetwork.md

`mgmt` does not require a network configuration and is always enabled on all hosts. You cannot disable and delete `mgmt`.

> As of v1.9.0, the management cluster network page displays interface details such as MTU, bond mode, and the interfaces associated with mgmt-bo on all non-witness nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.9.0, the **Cluster Network Configuration** screen displays the bond mode and MTU of interfaces associated with `mgmt-bo` on all non-witness nodes.
```

Author: It displays the bond mode, MTU of the mgmt-bo interface, and members of the mgmt-bo interface.

Please check if this looks good.

"Starting with v1.9.0, the Cluster Network Configuration screen displays the member interfaces of mgmt-bo, the MTU and bond mode configured for mgmt-bo from all non-witness nodes."

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying. How about this?

```
Starting with v1.9.0, the **Cluster Network Configuration** screen displays interface details for `mgmt-bo` across all non-witness nodes, including its member interfaces, MTU, and bond mode.
```
